[Autogenerated] all right.
If you think about infrastructures code,
probably the first thing that occurs to you is you are now defining
your infrastructure in a software defined way.
You are expressing your infrastructure as code,
and then you're deploying it through software,
so there's no manual process anymore.
That would be a fundamental component of I.
A.
C.
Another thing that's slightly less obvious is your
configurations are now able to adopt software development
principles like reusability and repeatability.
The reusability of your code means there's going to be snippets of your
configuration that could be used across multiple configurations.
In fact, that's the whole point of terra form modules.
The repeatable aspect is, once you have a configuration,
you can deploy it once and then again and again,
and it's gonna give you the same thing every time across.
Multiple environments.
Another key component of infrastructures code.
And this isn't a hard requirement,
but I don't see why you wouldn't use it is source control.
Your code can be checked in and managed by source control,
and that's highly recommended will delve more into that topic in a moment,
and then finally, once you have all that code in source control.
Why not leverage some automation to get it deployed to multiple environments?
So we'll take a look at that as well.
But first, let's focus on source control.
Source control management, or sometimes referred to as SCM,
is a way of storing your code in a controlled repository.
And the way that you manage that code is going to be through some sort of tool.
And there's multiple formats to do that.
The one that you're probably most familiar with is get.
And there's a reason for that.
It's used by the most popular repository platforms online.
But there are other formats out there.
For instance, team foundation version, control and subversion.
Now what are the platforms out there that you can
use for source control management?
Well, there are a lot, but let me just highlight a few off the top of my head.
GitHub is probably the most popular one in the best well known.
In fact, you got the exercise files for this course from GitHub.
Other examples are bit bucket, get lab and AWS code commit,
and we'll be using code.
Commit a little bit later.
What does source control management allow you to do it allows
you to collaborate with other team members.
You're putting your code in a centralized repository.
Your fellow team members can check that code out,
create their own branch, make changes, test those changes,
push those changes back up to the central repository and then
potentially merge it into the master branch.
That level of collaboration is difficult to achieve if you
don't have that centralized repository to begin with that
centralized repository and in fact,
your local repository have versioning control enabled.
That means every time you make a commit to your branch,
you're also able to undo that.
Commit and roll it back to the previous version.
And that could be very useful.
When one of your commit ends up breaking something,
it's easy to roll back or selectively remove commits
until you get to a good state.
Versioning troll is very important for that reason.
Now you Once you have your stuff in source control management,
you may want to automate the deployment of your infrastructure. How would you go about that?